# Hi, I'm Lauren 

Hi there, I'm Lauren Morris, Lead Product Manager with the MO Studio. I've worked in civic-tech for the past 5+ years on products that help protect the safety of victims of crime throughout the United States and I'm happy to bring these experiences to work on va.gov. I'm passionate about using Human-Centered Design to provide positive experiences for people who interact with websites. In my work, I've also learned how to take a trauma-informed approach to web design that takes into account the lived experiences of individuals. What does this mean? It means that using the internet can be stressful! And some people have more stress in their lives already. So I use plain language, simple steps, calming colors, and time estimates to help reduce stress and keep the control in the hands of the users. <br>
<br>
Prior to my work in civic-tech, I worked in environmental education, supporting programming for students in NYC alongside the Prospect Park Alliance and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. I learned so much from the students, the educators, and the NYC Department of Education. I have also worked with other NYC Metro Government groups through an organization called Teaching Matters. Before moving to NY, I was with the Louisville Metro Office of Youth Development in Louisville, KY as an program administrator for their Studio2000 art program. <br>
<br>
I'm from the great state of Kentucky and have a Bachelor's of Fine Art degree and a Master's of Art Education degree from the University of Louisville. 
